Module 4 Quiz
TOTAL POINTS 8
1.Question 1
Which of the following does NOT provide observability in a system?

a. An LED connected to a wire in the circuit
b. A printf() statement in a C program
c. A breakpoint in an Arduino sketch
d. A switch connected to an Arduino input pin

Ans: (d)

2.Question 2
What is meant by the expression “run control of the target”?

a. The ability of the target microcontroller to control its own inputs
b. The ability to control the inputs to the target microcontroller
c. The ability to stop and start the execution of the target microcontroller
d. The ability to control the outputs of the microcontroller

Ans: (c)

3.Question 3
What is NOT an advantage of using a remote debugger?

a. Remote debugging provides excellent functional accuracy
b. Remote debugging allows control of registers and memory
c. Remote debugging requires an extra communication channel for debugging
d. Remote debugging allows good run control

Ans: (c)

4.Question 4
What is NOT a feature of an embedded debug interface?

a. Extra pins are needed to support debugging
b. Breakpoints and watchpoints are supported
c. Automatic test generation is commonly supported
d. On-the-fly memory access is supported

Ans:(c)

5.Question 5
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of the UART protocol?

a. Higher data transfer rates are typically achieved compared to a parallel protocol
b. A shared clock is not required
c. Fewer wires are needed for communication as compared to a parallel protocol
d. Fewer pins are needed than using a parallel protocol

Ans: (a)

6.Question 6
Which of the following statements is NOT true about the UART protocol?


a. The baud rate is the maximum number of transitions per second
b. The bit duration is determined by the baud rate
c. The bit duration is the inverse of the baud rate
d. The data transmission rate is equal to the baud rate

Ans: (d)

7.Question 7
Synchronization is performed in the UART protocol based on the timing of the Start bit.

a. True
b. False

Ans: (a)

8.Question 8
An error in bit transmission (perhaps due to noise) may not be detected, even if a parity bit is used.


a. True
b. False

Ans: (a)
